We've now got our two listeners put together or we're not quite done with them just yet.
Remember, we still have to create an instance of them and tell them to start listening for incoming
events whenever our application first starts up.
So we've been doing that inside of our index file.
Let's do that again right now.
Inside the index file at the very top, I'm going to import the two listeners we just created.
That is order.
Cancelled listener.
We're going to get that from events.
Listeners.
Order canceled listener.
And then our order created listener.
From events listeners order created listener.
Then right after we create our Nets rapper.
So all this Napster related stuff, right after all that, we'll create an instance of what those listeners
will pass in the Nats wrapper.
And don't forget, we also have to call that Listen method.
So we'll do a new order related listener.
Parson.
That's rapper client.
And then I'll listen on that.
And then same thing for order cancelled.
And there we go.
Now this is going to be a really fun to save and see it start to run.
Remember, we have been creating a couple of different orders behind the scenes in the last couple of
sections and whatnot.
So every time we create an order, every time we cancelled it, all those different events have been
getting saved by our net streaming server.
Assuming, of course, you have not restarted that streaming server recently and dumped all those different
events.
So as soon as we save this file.
This service is going to restart and it's going to create a subscription to listen for all the events
on the order created and the order canceled channels.
We're then going to start to receive all the events we've missed out on over time.
So the instant that everything restarts, we should very quickly start to see the expiration service
starting to backfill all the relevant data.
And again, this is what really makes the idea of bringing up some service in the future possible and
having it rather quickly get all the relevant data that it needs by listening to all the events that
had previously been published.
Let's give this a shot.
I'm going to save the file and then go back over to Scaffold.
Okay.
So I got my change right there.
And then in my case, it looks like I restarted my Nats streaming server right before this video or
actually earlier today.
So I've not actually not created any order since then, which is why I see nothing right here.
But hopefully if you did not recently restart now streaming server or your entire cluster, then you
should see some number of events getting processed.
That's in theory.
So to really make sure this thing works, we should probably at least try to create one order and make
sure that the event gets processed by the payment service.
As usual to create an order.
We will open up post, man.
I'm going to make sure that I am authenticated.
Yep.
Looks like I'm authenticated and I'll try to create a ticket.
And then in order for that ticket, they'll make a post request to create a ticket.
Okay.
There's my ticket ID, I'm going to copy it.
And I still have a tab open right here for a post.
Request to orders to create a new order.
I'm going to paste in that ticket ID.
Send it off.
And now if I flip back over, I should see a whole bunch of stuff here I see on the expiration service.
Or maybe not expiration, but payments.
There it is right there.
Message received order created to the payment service.
So it looks like it probably worked as expected.
If we wait about the 60 seconds or so, we will eventually also see the payment service receive another
event.
It will be the order canceled event.
And so, again, that should be about 60 seconds or so.
So it encourage you to maybe just wait for that thing to show up.
Just to confirm.
Yep, I got that event coming across.
Okay.
Well, that's pretty much it for the orders side of our payment service.
So we're going to start to take a look at how we handle payments in the next video.